HSEARCH-2589 Introduce the terms predicate (#2532)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/search-dsl-predicate.asciidoc

either on a per-field basis with a call to `.boost(...)` just after `.field(...)`/`.fields(...)`
or for the whole predicate with a call to `.boost(...)` after `.matching(...)`.

[[search-dsl-predicate-terms]]

> == `terms`: match a series of term

Reviewer: Maybe "match a set of terms"? Series means "sequence" and might imply order, which we definitely don't support here.

The `terms` predicate matches documents for which a given field contains some terms, any or all of them.

With `matchingAny` we require that at least one of the provided terms matches.

> That is equivalent to having an <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-or>> applied to the series of single-term predicates.

Reviewer: This implies the boolean OR will contain `match` queries, in which case it's not exactly equivalent,  since we don't analyze terms.

What about this:

```suggestion
Functionally, this is somewhat similar to a <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-or,boolean `OR`>> with one <<search-dsl-predicate-match,`match`>> predicate per term, but the syntax for a single `terms` predicate is more concise.

NOTE: `matchingAny` expects to be passed *terms*, not just any string. The given terms will not be analyzed/normalized. See <<search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis>>.
```

.Matching any of the provided terms
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/predicate/PredicateDslIT.java[tags=terms-any]
----
====

With `matchingAll` we require that all of the provided terms match.

> That is equivalent to having an <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-and>> applied to the series of single-term predicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functionally, this is somewhat similar to a <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-and,boolean `AND`>> with one <<search-dsl-predicate-match,`match`>> predicate per term, but the syntax for a single `terms` predicate is more concise.

NOTE: `matchingAll` expects to be passed *terms*, not just any string. The given terms will not be analyzed/normalized. See <<search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis>>.
```

.Matching all of the provided terms
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/predicate/PredicateDslIT.java[tags=terms-any]
----
====

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[[search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis]]
```

=== Terms predicates and analysis

NOTE: For an introduction to analysis and how to configure it,
refer to the <<concepts-analysis>> section.

> Differently from other predicates, the provided terms arguments to `matchAny` or `matchAll`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Differently from other predicates, the terms passed to `matchingAny()` or `matchingAll()`
```

> are never analyzed nor normalized.

Reviewer: Do you have a test for that? That would be nice, especially considering the inconsistent behavior of Elasticsearch.

This means that in order to match the related documents,

> we need to provide the terms as they were written to the indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to provide the terms as they were written to the indexes.
```

=== Targeting multiple fields

Optionally, the predicate can target multiple fields.
In that case, the predicate will match documents for which _any_ of the given fields matches.

See <<search-dsl-predicate-common-multiple-fields>>.

=== Other options

> * The score of a `terms` predicate is constant and equal to 1 by default,

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? Did you test it?

Author: Is it not already tested by TermsPredicateBaseIT#ScoreIT?

With `matchingAny` we require that at least one of the provided terms matches.
Functionally, this is somewhat similar to a <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-or,boolean `OR`>> with one <<search-dsl-predicate-match,`match`>> predicate per term, but the syntax for a single `terms` predicate is more concise.

NOTE: `matchingAny` expects to be passed *terms*, not just any string. The given terms will not be analyzed. See <<search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis>>.

.Matching any of the provided terms
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/predicate/PredicateDslIT.java[tags=terms-any]
----
====

With `matchingAll` we require that all of the provided terms match.
Functionally, this is somewhat similar to a <<search-dsl-predicate-boolean-and,boolean `AND`>> with one <<search-dsl-predicate-match,`match`>> predicate per term, but the syntax for a single `terms` predicate is more concise.

NOTE: `matchingAll` expects to be passed *terms*, not just any string. The given terms will not be analyzed. See <<search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis>>.

[WARNING]
====

> With `matchingAll` the given terms must not be more than 1024.

Reviewer: That deserves some more explanation.

```suggestion
By default, `matchingAll` will not accept more than 1024 terms.

It is possible to raise this limit through backend-specific configuration:

* For the Lucene backend, run this code when starting up your application: `org.apache.lucene.search.BooleanQuery.maxClauseCount = <your limit>;`
* For the Elasticsearch backend, see link:{elasticsearchDocUrl}/search-settings.html[the global setting `indices.query.bool.max_clause_count` in the Elasticsearch documentation].

However, keep in mind the limit is there for a reason: attempts to match very large numbers of terms will perform poorly and could lead to crashes.
```

====

.Matching all of the provided terms
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/predicate/PredicateDslIT.java[tags=terms-any]
----
====

> 

Reviewer: Since you added support for argument conversion, could you please add a section named "Expected type of arguments"? You can pretty much copy/paste the one from the `match` predicate (with a few changes). See [here](https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/stable/search/reference/en-US/html_single/#search-dsl-predicate-match-argument-type).

[[search-dsl-predicate-terms-analysis]]
=== Terms predicates and analysis

NOTE: For an introduction to analysis and how to configure it,
refer to the <<concepts-analysis>> section.

Differently from other predicates, the terms passed to `matchingAny()` or `matchingAll()`
are never analyzed nor **usually** normalized.

> If it is true, this means that in order to match the related documents,
> you need to provide the terms as they were written to the indexes.
> 
> This is always true with the Lucene backend.
> For the Elasticsearch backend: terms are never analyzed nor normalized if an analyzer is defined on the field.
> While terms are normalized if a normalizer is defined on the field.

Reviewer: A sentence should not start with "while".

Regardless, could you please try to be consistent with existing documentation? We already have a similar warning for the wildcard predicate, and we used an `IMPORTANT` admonition there. So here we should have something like this:

```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
If an analyzer has been defined on the field, the terms will not be analyzed nor normalized.

If a normalizer has been defined on the field:

* when using the Elasticsearch backend, the terms **will** be normalized.
* when using the Lucene backend, the terms **will not** be normalized.

For example, the term `Cat` could match `cat`
when targeting a field having a normalizer that applies a lowercase filter when indexing,
but only when using the Elasticsearch backend.
When using the Lucene backend, only the term `cat` could match `cat`.
====
```
